{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1671\cocoasubrtf100
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red26\green26\blue26;\red255\green255\blue255;\red16\green60\blue192;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c13333\c13333\c13333;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;\cssrgb\c6667\c33333\c80000;
}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs26 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Yifan and Owen,\cb1 \
\
\cb3 Thank you for helping us out on this project. As you must've already gotten the dropbox folder invitation (and hope that you've spent some time on navigating them),\'a0\cb1 \
\
\cb3 It would be nice if you try to read Section 8 of the attached document, which is the old but latest version of the manuscript. There I briefly describe how I cleaned the data. Equally helpful for the part of the data that are public {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.chicagobooth.edu/research/kilts/datasets/dominicks"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 here}} is Sam Peltzman's 2000 JPE paper "Prices rise faster than they fall" Section 2C and Appendix C.\'a0\cb1 \
\
\cb3 A few notes and suggestions:\cb1 \
\
\cb3 0. Please make yourselves familiarized with the references that we gave you today, including the Dreze et al.'s paper.\cb1 \
\
\cb3 1. I'd like to suggest you to begin with the parts that are public in the above Kilts center link, and replicate my cleaning procedure in "data_cleaning/dominick_data_cola/cleaning_code.R". The code is not very well articulated to my current standards, but it should be at least readable. One thing to note is that the "data_cleaning/dominick_data_cola/raw/product_char.csv" is what I created and hand-coded. The code structures and data cleaning procedures are similar in the beer data and detergent data in "data_cleaning" folder.\cb1 \
\
\cb3 2. Then please play around with the raw data in "externals", which is the part that we newly acquired, that contains the planogram data that is described in Dreze et al's paper, and please try to document and summarize what data items can be found in the newly acquired data. FWIW, we are not sure that the data in "externals" contain the public part that are up in the Kilts center webpage.\'a0\cb1 \
\
\cb3 3. The following task after you have a sense and documentation about the newly acquired data would be to merge and combine with the additional planogram data items with the previously cleaned data from step 1.\'a0\cb1 \
\
\cb3 Thanks again, and please feel free to ask me any questions.\cb1 \
\
\cb3 Best,\cb1 \
\cb3 Joonhwi}